README.md, before:

# ProtonVPN Kill Switch Network Manager

The `proton-vpn-killswitch-network-manager` component is the implementation of the `proton-vpn-killswitch` interface
using [Network Manager](https://www.networkmanager.dev).

## Development

Even though our CI pipelines always test and build releases using Linux distribution packages,
you can use pip to set up your development environment.

### Proton package registry

If you didn't do it yet, you'll need to set up our internal package registry.
[Here](https://gitlab.protontech.ch/help/user/packages/pypi_repository/index.md#authenticate-to-access-packages-within-a-group)
you have the documentation on how to do that.

### Known issues

The component `proton-vpn-network-manager`, which is a direct dependency, in turn depends on `python-dbus` and 
`PyGObject`, which require installing quite a few distribution packages.

At the time of writing, to be able to install the current `dbus-python` dependency (v1.2.18), the following Debian
packages were required:

```shell
sudo apt install pkg-config libdbus-1-dev libglib2.0-dev
```

To be able to install `PyGObject`, please check the required distribution packages in the
[official documentation](https://pygobject.readthedocs.io/en/latest/devguide/dev_environ.html).

### Virtual environment

You can create the virtual environment and install the rest of dependencies as follows:

```shell
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Tests

You can run the tests with:

```shell
pytest
```

Commit message:

Extract documentation from this readme file

README.md, after:

# ProtonVPN Kill Switch Network Manager

The `proton-vpn-killswitch-network-manager` component is the implementation of the `proton-vpn-killswitch` interface
using [Network Manager](https://www.networkmanager.dev).

## Development

Even though our CI pipelines always test and build releases using Linux distribution packages,
you can use pip to set up your development environment.

### Proton package registry

If you didn't do it yet, you'll need to set up our internal package registry.
[Here](https://gitlab.protontech.ch/help/user/packages/pypi_repository/index.md#authenticate-to-access-packages-within-a-group)
you have the documentation on how to do that.

### Known issues

The component `proton-vpn-network-manager`, which is a direct dependency of this component, requires installing quite
a few distribution packages. You can find more information on its own
[readme file](https://gitlab.protontech.ch/ProtonVPN/linux/new-client/vpnconnection/python-protonvpn-network-manager/-/blob/develop/README.md). 

### Virtual environment

You can create the virtual environment and install the rest of dependencies as follows:

```shell
python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Tests

You can run the tests with:

```shell
pytest
```
